Why do you seem to be afraid of me?
No, I just finished exercising.
hit back
Then I'll sit with you for a while, no need
Just 20,000 can't sit
I'll just stand.
Fine
I'm here to share some good news with you
Ah, what's the news?
You have tested the thing you said.
What did I say?
The four major families came to me and asked me to participate in the exquisite feast
Ah, so you said it earlier
What do you think it is?
Nothing. Nothing.
Because of our relationship
It's inconvenient for everyone to be here today.
You think too much
I just want you to be beautiful
Keep loading
My Boyfriend
Who?
Yaoyao, why are you here?
You two
Shishi, don't get me wrong, I'll come to you
Can I just say one thing?
believe it or not
Well, they can both testify